;MC Cirkeltraxx - Het Cirkeltreklied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyB_VfrESNQ 
;Darude - Sandstorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6120QOlsfU
;Gigi D'agostino - L'amour Toujours (Streex Remake)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBlFHuCzPgY
;Eiffel 65 - Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc
;Crazy Frog - Axel F
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k85mRPqvMbE
;Soulja Boy - Crank That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UFIYGkROII
;Fresh Prince of Bel Air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBe0VCso0qs
;Baauer - Harlem Shake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV0LHCHf-pE
;Smash Mouth - All Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xxQs34UMx4
;Lazy Town - You are a pirate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLMJpHihykI
;Epic Sax Guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy1B3agGNxw
;Lazy Town - We are Number One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfYnvDL0Qcw
;MURICA FUCK YEAH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R5A0pg4oN8
;Lazy Town (NL) - Wij zijn Nummer …Èn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEJqF0EjgI0
;MACINTOSH PLUS - 420
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU8HrO7XuiE
;ATC - Around The WOrld
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXnpsBBBMo4
;Bomfucnk MC's - Freestyler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymNFyxvIdaM
;Benny Benassi - Satisfaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZcSCT34H84
;Fedde Le Grand - Put Your Hands Up For Detroit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYs2HHYqmxw
;David Guetta - Memories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUVCQXMUVnI
;Far East Movement - Like A G6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4s6H4ku6ZY
;SHM - One (Your Name)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkQ5rEJaTmk
;Mako - Our Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awimSQD2Dyo
;The Prodigy - Voodoo People (Pendulum Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wru2aDvmpT0
;NOISIA - Split The Atom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy6prF4QQsA
;Pendulum - Witchcraft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogMNV33AhCY
;Ed Sheeran - Don't (Netsky Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqJfS2mihm4
;Netsky - Rio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFDP9egTwfM

